docs/INSTALL.md, before:

# Installation guide

## Dependencies
### &loz; Required
| Package name   | Notes      | Version   |
|:---------------|:----------:|----------:|
| [meson]        |  building  | >=0.30.0  |
| [ninja]        |  building  | >=1.5.1   |
| valac          |  building  | >=0.28.1  |
| gtk+3          |            | >=3.16    |
| [libtoxcore]   |            | >=0.0.0   |
| glib2          |            | >=2.38    |
| json-glib      |            | >=1.0     |
| libsoup        |            | >=2.4     |
| libnotify      |            | >=0.7.6   |

### Debian/Ubuntu
On Ubuntu you need to compile ToxCore, Libsodium, and filter_audio by hand. Someone already wrote on how to achieve this, simply follow the guide to [Install ToxCore].

After ToxCore is installed, run the following line to fetch & install the dependencies needed by Ricin to compile/run.

```bash
# Required to build Ricin:
$ apt-get install ninja meson valac

# Required by Ricin at runtime:
$ apt-get install gtk+3 libglib2.0-0 libglib2.0-dev \
  libjson-glib-1.0-0 libjson-glib-dev libnotify-dev \
  libsoup-gnome2.4-dev
```

>**Note**: You may have to `sudo` both lines in order to have
them running properly.

### ArchLinux
To install all the Ricin's dependencies, simply write the
following in a shell.

```bash
$ pacman -S meson ninja vala gtk3 toxcore \
  glib2 json-glib libsoup libnotify
```

### Fedora
On Fedora you need to compile ToxCore, Libsodium, and filter_audio by hand. Someone already wrote on how to achieve this, simply follow the guide to [Install ToxCore].

```bash
$ dnf install valac glib2 gtk3 gtk3-devel \
  json-glib libsoup libnotify
```

## Installing Ricin
### Linux
#### ArchLinux
Thanks to [LastAvenger], ArchLinux users can install Ricin via AUR: [ricin-git] / [ricin].  
You simply have to write the following line in a shell:

```bash
# Fetch the source from git, build and install.
$ yaourt -S ricin-git

# Use the latest release (stable), build and install.
$ yatourt -S ricin
```

#### Others Linux
For other systems that doesn't yet have a package you have a to compile and install Ricin from sources. Compiling Ricin is super simple as we use **The Meson Build System** that runs pretty much everywhere.  

Run the following commands in a shell:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RicinApp/Ricin.git
cd Ricin
make autogen
sudo make install
```

### Windows
Ricin isn't available yet on Windows, anyway this is planed.

### OSX
Ricin isn't available yet on OSX, anyway this is also planed!

[libtoxcore]: https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/blob/master/INSTALL.md
[meson]: http://mesonbuild.com/
[ninja]: http://martine.github.io/ninja/
[LastAvenger]: https://github.com/LastAvenger
[ricin-git]: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ricin-git
[ricin]: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ricin
[Install ToxCore]: https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/blob/master/INSTALL.md#build-manually

Commit message:

docs(INSTALL.md): add install instruction for Milis Linux

docs/INSTALL.md, after:

# Installation guide

## Dependencies
### &loz; Required
| Package name   | Notes      | Version   |
|:---------------|:----------:|----------:|
| [meson]        |  building  | >=0.30.0  |
| [ninja]        |  building  | >=1.5.1   |
| valac          |  building  | >=0.28.1  |
| gtk+3          |            | >=3.16    |
| [libtoxcore]   |            | >=0.0.0   |
| glib2          |            | >=2.38    |
| json-glib      |            | >=1.0     |
| libsoup        |            | >=2.4     |
| libnotify      |            | >=0.7.6   |

### Debian/Ubuntu
On Ubuntu you need to compile ToxCore, Libsodium, and filter_audio by hand. Someone already wrote on how to achieve this, simply follow the guide to [Install ToxCore].

After ToxCore is installed, run the following line to fetch & install the dependencies needed by Ricin to compile/run.

```bash
# Required to build Ricin:
$ apt-get install ninja meson valac

# Required by Ricin at runtime:
$ apt-get install gtk+3 libglib2.0-0 libglib2.0-dev \
  libjson-glib-1.0-0 libjson-glib-dev libnotify-dev \
  libsoup-gnome2.4-dev
```

>**Note**: You may have to `sudo` both lines in order to have
them running properly.

### ArchLinux
To install all the Ricin's dependencies, simply write the
following in a shell.

```bash
$ pacman -S meson ninja vala gtk3 toxcore \
  glib2 json-glib libsoup libnotify
```

### Fedora
On Fedora you need to compile ToxCore, Libsodium, and filter_audio by hand. Someone already wrote on how to achieve this, simply follow the guide to [Install ToxCore].

```bash
$ dnf install valac glib2 gtk3 gtk3-devel \
  json-glib libsoup libnotify
```

## Installing Ricin
### Linux
#### ArchLinux
Thanks to [LastAvenger], ArchLinux users can install Ricin via AUR: [ricin-git] / [ricin].  
You simply have to write the following line in a shell:

```bash
# Fetch the source from git, build and install.
$ yaourt -S ricin-git

# Use the latest release (stable), build and install.
$ yatourt -S ricin
```

#### Milis Linux
Thanks to [milisage], Milis Linux users can install Ricin via MPS.
You simply have to write the following line in a shell:

```bash
$ mps -kur ricin
```

#### Others Linux
For other systems that doesn't yet have a package you have a to compile and install Ricin from sources. Compiling Ricin is super simple as we use **The Meson Build System** that runs pretty much everywhere.  

Run the following commands in a shell:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/RicinApp/Ricin.git
cd Ricin
make autogen
sudo make install
```

### Windows
Ricin isn't available yet on Windows, anyway this is planed.

### OSX
Ricin isn't available yet on OSX, anyway this is also planed!

[libtoxcore]: https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/blob/master/INSTALL.md
[meson]: http://mesonbuild.com/
[ninja]: http://martine.github.io/ninja/
[LastAvenger]: https://github.com/LastAvenger
[ricin-git]: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ricin-git
[ricin]: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ricin
[milisage]: https://github.com/milisarge
[Install ToxCore]: https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/blob/master/INSTALL.md#build-manually
